let's see the possible answers for
question one
a t e x
b n e w
c i d a d
a l a talk to me what do you think that
is
okay so i think this is
states in america the abbreviation i
think it's that
i'm pretty confident in him in this yeah
well it should never be doubted this kid
ain't got a question wrong he's 100
literally so with all that in mind
daniel
what number seven of course you're going
seven i don't know why haven't asked the
question go and get the ball
come on get me come on gabriel let's get
it i love him
i hope we don't backfire on you daniel
angela what's the question
which of these sets of letters appears
at the beginning
of the name of one u.s state and at the
end of another
oh i don't know get this so
a that's um texas
um i don't know if that end of another
one
b is new new york um
c i d a or florida
and idaho yeah florida and idaho
we are wyoming hawaii
um florida florida yeah
ida idaho
okay i think it might be c yes
it's idaho a state yeah yeah yeah idaho
it's definitely i'm gonna go with c
that's it come on wish me luck
don't let us see do this whoa
is it right or is it wrong
[Music]
come on i knew he would do it i never
doubted you
never this kid used to together
i think we might have found a match for
the wall
give us your 50. now right six figures
drop it
let's go okay all the way all the way
all the way all the way
[Applause]
653 wow
i've never seen anything like this this
is just
incredible